---
title: July 2026 newsletter
---

As a reminder, our next club meeting will be held on Tuesday, July 21, 2026, 6:30 pm, at the Logan Street Church of Christ, 1301 E Logan Street, Moberly, Mo 65270. Hope to see everyone there!!

Hello everyone!
Wow, time is sure flying. We are already getting close to our July meeting!

We have many things to discuss at the meeting this month, some informational, some very important, so I hope everyone can make it.

Don't forget, this meeting we will be taking nominations for club officers. Nomination will be accepted and voted on during the August meeting as outlined in our club By-Laws.

We will also be asking if anyone would like to help or take control of a club committee, such as Grants, contests, picnic, Christmas party, presentations during club meetings, etc. If you would like to form a committee of any type, please bring up the idea at the meeting! We would love to hear your ideas!!

Field Day! WOW! I have heard so many WONDERFUL comments about Field Day 2026!! We will be getting an update on scores and happenings at the meeting as well!

We also need to finalize the Club Repeater inspection so we can get the equipment insured. This is very important, as not only do we use the repeater for Thursday night check-ins, but also during activation for Severe Weather, ARES, etc. We can not afford a lightning hit to take out our Comm System!

Chis, KF0GUS will also be giving a presentation and talk on "EchoLink". Now, I've been a ham for over 50+ years, and although I have heard of Echo Link, I have no idea what it is or entails, so I am looking forward to hearing what Chris has to say!

I'm sure we will have other topics brought up as well, every meeting has been wonderful in getting everyone together and sharing ideas. And believe me, the other officers and I LOVE seeing everyone talk about things, bringing up ideas, supporting the club and so much more! We thank each and every one of you! You all are what makes the Tri-County Amateur Radio Club so much fun and helping it grow stronger!

Oh yeah, I almost forgot. We are now on the last step of getting our 501-c-3 tax exempt status re-issued to the club. I received the final documentation needed Friday, and all paperwork was officially mailed this Saturday morning. This is one very important step that we needed as a club to apply for Grants, etc.

Don't want to make it too long and boring, so I will end here for now. Best wishes to all of you and please be safe!! See you all Tuesday night!

73!
Dan, W0PN
